#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
alembic==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   prefect
    #   starlette
apprise==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
asgi-lifespan==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via asyncpg
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
build==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
cachecontrol[filecache]==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apprise
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cleo==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apprise
    #   black
    #   databricks-cli
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   click
    #   griffe
    #   ipython
    #   loguru
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
coolname==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
crashtest==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cleo
    #   poetry
croniter==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
databricks-cli==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
dateparser==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
docker==6.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
dulwich==0.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastapi==0.103.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   virtualenv
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kubernetes
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
griffe==0.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx[http2]==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h2
identify==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
    #   mlflow
installer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
keyring==24.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
kubernetes==28.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apprise
    #   mlflow
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mlflow==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jaraco-classes
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pre-commit
npx==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   npx
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-cli
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
orjson==3.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   build
    #   docker
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   poetry
    #   prefect
pandas==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   seaborn
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   prefect
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pkginfo==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   poetry
    #   virtualenv
poetry==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry-plugin-export
poetry-core==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
    #   poetry-plugin-export
poetry-plugin-export==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
pre-commit==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prefect==2.13.7
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==13.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   prefect
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-cli
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   poetry
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kubernetes
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
pytz==2023.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
    #   prefect
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pendulum
pywin32==306
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-core
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apprise
    #   kubernetes
    #   mlflow
    #   pre-commit
    #   prefect
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
rapidfuzz==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cleo
readchar==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apprise
    #   cachecontrol
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
    #   mlflow
    #   poetry
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apprise
    #   kubernetes
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
rich==13.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ruamel-yaml
schemdraw==0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-base==0.7.8
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
    #   typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   databricks-cli
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   retrying
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   asgi-lifespan
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   prefect
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-cli
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tokenize-rt==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   black
    #   build
    #   poetry
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
trove-classifiers==2024.9.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
typer==0.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiosqlite
    #   alembic
    #   black
    #   fastapi
    #   ipython
    #   prefect
    #   pydantic
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
unicorn==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   dulwich
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
virtualenv==20.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poetry
    #   pre-commit
waitress==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
websockets==13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prefect
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via -r requirements.in
win32-setctime==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   loguru
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
